Add faq note about ssh ServerAliveInterval (#55568)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/faq.rst

suitable `ProxyCommand` for one or more hosts in `~/.ssh/config`,
or globally by setting `ssh_args` in `ansible.cfg`.

.. _ssh_serveraliveinterval:

> Ansible does not notice a dead target in a timely manner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How do I get Ansible to notice a dead target in a timely manner?
```

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> You can add `-o ServerAliveInterval=NumberOfSeconds` in `ssh_args` from `ansible.cfg`. Without this option ssh and therefore ansible will wait until the tcp connection times out. Another solution is to add `ServerAliveInterval` into your global ssh configuration. A good value for `ServerAliveInterval` is up to the reader to decide; keep in mind that `ServerAliveCountMax=3` is ssh default so any value you set will be tripled before terminating the ssh session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add ``-o ServerAliveInterval=NumberOfSeconds`` in ``ssh_args`` from ``ansible.cfg``. Without this option, SSH and therefore Ansible will wait until the TCP connection times out. Another solution is to add ``ServerAliveInterval`` into your global SSH configuration. A good value for ``ServerAliveInterval`` is up to you to decide; keep in mind that ``ServerAliveCountMax=3`` is the SSH default so any value you set will be tripled before terminating the SSH session.
```
